what's up guys muffin and cooter coming
to you again how's everybody doing up
there um I'm here as always here to
review my recaps last review of episode
episode 35 or of Transformers Prime
entitled grill alright this is not
really going to be very long because
they're really not too much to really
talk about because this episode is
really like the typical recap episode of
past events you know but it actually
follows a lot of the events from
previous episodes like I said um
basically guys agent Fowler is pretty
much sat down by his superiors to
explain recent events uh uh basically to
his de sciglio from his superiors the
superior officers name is general Bryce
and and his uh general Bryce is
basically he goes on to say about you
know Optimus dying Optimus becoming of
stepped akan why hasn't Megatron been
killed all these things your Fowler goes
into detail about the unit team Prime
and everything like that later on we
found out in this episode that they're
threatening to with the military
tribunal and terminating team Prime like
the military wants to terminate team
Prime and set Fowler up for tribunal
basically Fowler tries to convince the
general that the Autobots are still on
the military side even though what
happened to Optimus but general the
general rice believes that Optimus has
gone rogue you know especially because
of the following events of Nemesis Prime
and they still haven't found evidence of
nemesis prime or Silas and everything
like that uh and it's kind of funny
because you got Fowler trying to explain
that nemesis prime was not the real
Prime you know he was he was a fake uh
and you know it that's pretty much what
this episode really was about it was
just follow up to the character of
Optimus the characters of the other
units you know the other Autobots you
know what makes them tick he even goes
into detail a little bit about the kids
and that was really funny because uh
general prices like kids you got
civilians with you and he's like he
didn't say it he said he said kids but
that's what we call them you know what
he's explaining about that they have
shared their own experiences and they
have done right by the team as well uh
it was it was really just a really
interesting take on you know once again
a spot lighting on fowler once again and
it was at a point where some of the
stuff that Fowler was saying like when
he talked about Unicron and everything
right general rush like you said unicorn
I'm going to have you sedated for a
psych evaluation dollar and he's like no
Unicron and things like that and who
wouldn't detail like what if what if all
this I told you that all the books and
stuff about the core of the earth is not
what it actually is you know it was it
was fun it was actually kind of
interesting and you know did Fowler get
to convince his superiors that you know
prime is there yay Dickey he called fry
him on the phone he's like prime and
totally saw I saw the whole room because
it's being as being filmed by one of the
soldiers as I guess for evidence and you
see the whole room shaking boom boom
agent Fowler is you got anything on and
he's like prime could you explain to
them that you're fine you're okay you're
not d'être on fine general price how are
you up fine and so basically basically
an end uh Bryce is convinced and you
know he pretty much dismisses Fowler
dismisses following you know optimus
that's all it was all grilled was just a
recap episode nothing really big nothing
fancy just a standard issue that you you
you'll typically typically see in
sitcoms and shows and other shows like
that so it was nothing really to special
episode 6 and entitled episode 36 entire
Armada is really going to be interesting
that comes on next week but uh it's
going to be really good um I can't wait
to see that episode because it deals
with bulkhead and a certain spider-like
character in the issue but other than
that uh what did you guys think of this
week's episode of Transformers Prime I
hope you guys enjoyed it as fairly as
much as i did another net lumberton kid
y'all take care